TL;DR: Torn currently has an unfixed vulnerability in its system to link Torn and Discord accounts potentially enabling malicious users to link their Discord ID to someone else's Torn account. This would allow users to impersonate other users on websites, bots, and Discord servers that rely upon Discord IDs.

I've shortened this significantly... many more details and technical details can be found in a GitHub repository. https://github.com/dssecret/torn-csrf-cvd/blob/master/full-disclosure.pdf

In compliance with Torn's bug bounty policy, this is a public disclosure of an unresolved vulnerability after a 30 day waiting period after the initial report. Additionally, Torn staff had a general lack of responsiveness and a lack of willingness to fix the vulnerability with, for example, Ched claiming that "this isn't banking software" and doesn't need to be fully secure. This vulnerability would allow malicious users to send other users a link to Torn's Discord linking URL (https://torn.com/discord.php) and link the user's Torn account to the malicious user's Discord ID.

Sure, like Ched says this isn't a critical vulnerability that allows a user to duplicate money or take down Torn, but this still impacts many users. Discord servers can and have possibly previously been impacted by this vulnerability with at least two servers having had their messages leak to users that aren't in the server. And this also impacts third-party tools that could have sensitive user and faction data such as user API keys potentially leaked due to this. Ironically, bogie fedded fr00t for having a vulnerability in TAC that could leak API keys, but Torn refuses to fix this vulnerability that could have the same effect... going as far as to claim that "the issue would in part be a problem with the third party tools".

Luckily, users don't need to do much to avoid this vulnerability. As far as I can tell, currently you can just avoid following links to https://torn.com/discord.php that don't come from Discord especially links to the linking process that don't come from Torn's George bot. Although, there was a previous vulnerability in this process about a year ago (the bug report of which I can't find) that would allow this vulnerability to occur without any user interaction or notice which would have made this significantly worse.

A short TL;DR for technical people... Torn is missing CSRF protection on the Discord OAuth callback endpoint such as a state parameter or PKCE. More details are in the same PDF above.
